doc: clarify process.argv[1] behavior for -e/--eval (#61366)
nodejs/node: doc/api/process.md

The `process.argv` property returns an array containing the command-line
arguments passed when the Node.js process was launched. The first element will
be [process.execPath][]. See process.argv0 if access to the original value
of argv[0] is needed. The second element will be the path to the JavaScript
file being executed (if a script file is provided). For no-script

> execution modes (e.g., -e/--eval), the second element is the first unconsumed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
execution modes (e.g., `-e`/`--eval`), the second element is the first unconsumed
```

arguments passed when the Node.js process was launched. The first element will
be [`process.execPath`][]. See `process.argv0` if access to the original value

> of `argv[0]` is needed. The second element will be the path to the JavaScript

Reviewer: Thanks, it's much easier to review with the smaller diff.

I wonder if it wouldn't be simpler to just add a "if"
```suggestion
of `argv[0]` is needed. If a [program entry point][] was provided, the second element
will be the absolute path to it. The remaining elements are additional command-line
```
And that would link to https://nodejs.org/api/cli.html#program-entry-point; if we want `--eval` to be called out explicitly, I would put that in the other page
